Thank you very much, everyone. Again, as I already said to you, and welcome everyone.
Trachi deliks, and the Trachi deliks, welcome. Today we're going to discuss or remind of the
teaching of our
gracious kindness, compassionate teacher, the Buddha taught about 2,600 years ago.
He gave variety of teachings to benefit all living beings through his love, compassion, nonviolence
,
peaceful approach, and respect and appreciation to every single living being in that context,
contracts of love, compassion, respect, appreciation, and harmonious. And he gave variety of
teachings.
All those teachings solve the problems of our living being that we always
challenge or encounter all the time, such as physical trouble, mental trouble, emotional
trouble, psychological trouble, or generally, basically, all kinds of troubles.
He gives so many teachings how to really bring more calm, peace back to our nature, back to our
source, where really we actually belong. He gives so many teachings. So this teaching, what again,
I'm going to just reactivate it, remind it to all of us of this song of the teachings. Again, to
begin this teaching or to reflect the teaching, always in the teaching said, correct the
motivations.
Because motivation is really the instrumental wherever we like to direct our life, our destination
of the now and the future. Future, right now we are on a now, on a now, on the platform of the
present.
And the future is our destination. Whether you are believing or not believing,
future is our destination. To make the better future, we have to reactivate our direction
right now. Now we'll lead the direction of the future wherever we like to turn.
As I said, whether we believe or non-believe us, or we are an intellectual thinker analyzing
whatever it is, future is our destination. So from where, how we turn to change. Therefore,
how we change that direction, how to reset that, that button, how we reset that is right now with
our motivation. Mind is, motivation means the mind, to set up the mind or motivation. Something
nice,
something is lined up to the our, our nature. What that means, our nature, according to Buddhism,
Buddha's teaching, our nature of mind is calm, peaceful, loving-kindness, compassion, honest,
intelligence, smart. That is really nature. But however, due to our mistakes, we turn, twisted
our nature. Really thinking we are doing something good, reality we are bouncing back to our head
by our own priest, priest, and then we're making trouble. And that is, so therefore correct the
motivation always in the teaching mechanism. So correct the motivation, what is joy and
appreciation. It's simple, nothing mystery. Joy and appreciation, being grateful, grateful.
Be happy. What do you have? If you are happy, what do you have? If we are happy, what do we have?
Then the next good things welcome. Because our intelligence, our smartness, our joyful effort,
all of us rise up nicely with joy and happy and content and then bring the abundance of the other
good things one after another. And we start with the sad and suffering, the melancholos and kind
of like deep breaths, the blaming to our self. That won't lead the joy and happy and peace,
what we want. It will lead all those kinds of things related with that, that we know. And
therefore, always in the teaching said, right, the correct motivation, joy and appreciation.
We have so many beautiful things that you all know and we all know. Many beautiful things
to compare with many others, other beings, other people, to think of us, how much we have. And
happy and joy and appreciate that what we have. Combine that really good heart within Buddhism,
known as bodhicitta, and that joy and good things of what we have. We think that to all the beings
others have that may really sincerely from waking that to all the beings made their happiness,
peace and joy and free from suffering, the difficult troubles and whole world become the
peace and harmonious and calm. Really we hear that from heart is so important. We are making the
peace. You will that time we will become the one of the peacemaker of our own this world.
We started peace and harmony. The global peace started from us, not from going to front of us,
start from outside. So this peace bodhicitta and the joy and appreciate is the fundamental
instrumental to bring the peace and harmony to the world too, in a larger level. It's true. So
therefore, correct the motivation with the bodhicitta. And then today we are going to reflect in
the teaching of the Buddha, particularly teaching on Amitabha and really wishing that may everybody
one have to buy this, bring joy and peace, happiness, free from suffering is certain,
it's a trouble, difficult, all the challenges now ended up reaching that in the heart.
Those are known as in Buddhism, the essential Dharma. It's a Dharma that is. Of course,
it is a Buddhism terminology. It is a Dharma, but that love and the compassion and joy and
appreciation is not occupied, reserved by the Buddhism. It is our basic nature, your basic
nature. Reactivating and glorifying is good for you or good for me, good for the others,
good for our family members, good for our friends and all the neighbors too. So that we should
activate that with those we were told. And then we discuss teaching of the Buddha. As he said,
Buddha give a rise with teaching how to benefit every living beings now and forever in the future.
And this that those old teachings are so special, but particularly today, what we are going to
discuss is teaching on the Amitabha that I saw already. We started a few weeks ago,
already started, and I'm going to show that again today. These teachings on the Amitabha,
what is known as poor causes that will take rebirth in the pure land of the Amitabhas.
That is the teachings today that we read what we are going to discuss. And this is also generally
rebirth that you all know. Buddhism believes rebirth. And Buddhism also follow the logic,
reasoning. For example, the life is continuation. Life is a continuation. We have today that also
indicating we have yesterday. And that also indicating the day before yesterday. And today
came in a way because of yesterday. Today we are here. And this year, year 2021, that indicating
last year, 2020. So it is change of the change of the continuation when year end, not the year
ended, time ended. It's just a changing time. And the life is also like continuation as
like, like, like time, like this, this changing. When we die, we live that time is changing,
but life is not ended. According to Buddhism, it's like time, time never end. Life never ends.
What means lives now? When we die, of course, we live the body. That is what in Buddhism,
often known, this body has a prior components, prior elements. Those are the earth, water,
prior wind, poor, and then we target with the space. Those are known as five. These five
poor elements are, are rented in a way is a component. When we are concepted in the mother's
womb, that time, those four elements are gathered support within the space of this,
within the stage, stage of the space or the sky. These all forms are formed. Now that continued.
And now we are here, and then one time that four element parting way, and then we are singled out.
What we are singled out is consciousness. Our mind is that will be continued. So who is really
continuing from life to life, not this physical body, not this physical bones,
but the consciousness. Consciousness is when we think of consciousness. I mean,
you think to consciousness, what is consciousness? Can you figure out anything? We all have the
consciousness or we all have the mind, but what is mind? Think. This is not just a Buddhist dogma.
If you think you become more intelligent, smart, not naive, not just believing blindfolded
by our own kind of unknown situation, and then with the presumptions. Think. Where is my mind?
What is my mind? Mind is here right now, but mind is, can we touch? Can we hold? Can we grab?
Can we push? Can we bounce? Can mind blocks? Can block it? Can mind crush it?
None of those things can happen to mind. Therefore, mind will in a way indestructible.
This our mind is like light, like energy. It will continue. What will continue,
it carried the whole package of our memories, habit patterns, that is registered, imprinted
in the clothes of the mind. I am using it as like modern time, eye clothes, example of eye clothes.
Maybe you know better be that way, eye clothes. But clothes of the mental space
is registered, all that that imprinted. That package, all will carry. For example, our memories
now. Of course, there is a lot of psychiatry, many of those analysis is in brains and all
that things. But where that brains and all that, you really started thinking of that part of the
brains. It's not, the memory is not best upon a code of Buddhism. It's not on best upon the
channels and the nervous systems and the muscles. Muscles. It is absolutely best on the
consciousness,
on the mental states. Mental states. Mental state is as I use example, eye clothes.
That is what really continue. Therefore, if we set up now, changing something mentally
to connected to that, that will change the direction of the future.
Future. For that reason, then we do the meditation practices, cultivating more that
hidden call it from mind, such as joy, love, compassion, calmness, loving, kind of peace,
harmony, all that we bring forth because those are the nature of the mind. It's natural.
And to activate that, then it will continually that bright, that confidence, that courage,
that calmness will continue. No matter what, every challenge you go through,
through even if it's alive, we have more calm, peaceful mind, external looks like really where
it can be like terrible and not unpleasant, not, not pleasant and all terrible things.
But mentally, those many people who are calm and peaceful, they're calm, they're happy,
they're peaceful. They're more happy than those people who have self-surrender by all the luxuries,
luxury things. There's more calm, peaceful, joy, laughing, smiling, a lot of time, blind,
peace and joy, happiness, really. And those when they don't have the peace and happiness in mind,
even they're surrounded, all the luxuries, the atoms that existed in the world, still
they are suffering and having difficulty. Then we see our own eyewitness. Why that happening?
What that means? What this means in the world? What is the answer for that?
And so therefore, thinking of this, this and changing to the direction of the future
right now is so important. Those are just my kind of, you know, how important prison time.
And therefore, in the Buddhist teaching, always kind of talk about the correct motivation. So
motivation of joy and peace, happiness, appreciation, and with this kindness,
compassion, thought for all living beings, wishing good things, really that is touched to our heart
,
the heart of the nature of the mind. And then it will help. It is tremendous, powerful,
meritorious and healing powers, all that. With that, then we do the practice and follow these
teachings. Now, as I said the other day, the Buddha Shakyamuni told so many times about the
Amitabha teachings, particularly in the Mahayana teaching and Vajrayana teachings, the Buddha told
about the Amitabhas. Particularly, there is a famous suttara known as Amitabha suttara or suttara
of the display of the pure land of the Amitabha, that Buddha Shakyamuni told at the Watcher's
Peak Mountain. If you enter India, it is in Bihar now, Northern India. Bihar, there is called the
Rajagiri, nearby Rajagiri. There is holy mountain known as Watcher's Peak Mountain, and where
Buddha Shakyamuni and his disciples stayed so many years and gave so many profound teachings
to that sport. So, this Amitabha teaching, also Buddha gave on that mountain. And surrounded by
with 32,000 of the students, of the ordained students, the Arhadas, and so many, many,
many, and Bodhisattvas, other Bodhisattvas, lay practitioners, and the Buddha gave these
Amitabha teachings. So, this is an exhibit called Opa Mipi Hanyukopam do, or suttara of the display
,
the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha. So, that's what the Buddha gave. And the Buddha gave these
teachings surrounded by so many of those students, but he kind of gave them, particularly, directly
that teaching to his personal attendants known as Ananda, Ananda. And he gave this Ananda, he
called
Ananda, in continuous talk, Ananda, Ananda. I mean, throughout the teaching that he's
most kind of giving the teaching, but same time, Ananda is also asking questions, and Buddha
answering that. So, in a way, dialogue of the teaching that he started to give teachings.
So, in that teaching, Buddha said, and now, for example, to now, when we're thinking of the two,
when we're thinking of the two, to benefit to our self and benefit all living beings,
to propel that goal. Then, Buddha gave so many teachings, as I said, and you all know that,
Buddha gave with practice, so many different practices, meditation, and many variety of the
meditation, and all that, all that teaching. But among those all teaching, and particularly,
among the Mahayana suttara, Amitabha practice and Amitabha is mostly swept in the easy
approach to get enlightenment, to propel our goal of the bodhicattam. And the teaching said,
this is, in the suttara Mahayana teaching, and to get Buddhahood, to get enlightenment, it takes
so many eons to reach enlightenment. But practice on Amitabha is really processed one to propel
goal of the bodhicattam, and the benefit to our self in all other beings. So, therefore,
this is considering one of the really past, easy, convenience, and method to really
propel our goal and help to the other beings, to propel bodhicattas. So, therefore, this is
so important. Buddha Shakyamuni told to get, to take the rebirth in the period of Amitabha,
there is poor causes, poor conditions. What Buddha said in the teaching, or Ananda,
some other practice, or in some individually, or maybe not that way, Ananda, whoever,
whoever think Buddha Amitabha again and again, again, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha,
yeah, Amitabha in the period and again and again, and then, and performing, second,
performing lot of meditation activities, and third, and developing the bodhicattas,
and with the aspirations, or the development of bodhicattas, and dedicating merit for all the
beings,
and fourth is lateral aspiration prayer that may I reborn in the period of Amitabha with all,
and as well as all the sentient beings, ever you do that. And that individually, when is the time
come, he said in the teaching, when time come that he is, that individual is nearing the end
of life, or near the end of life, he will, or that is not just he, whoever thinking that that
person
will see Buddha Amitabha, as well as all the rationals and disciples, see right in front of
that individual who is in nearly ending of the end of the life, and that will be, that individual
be
so happy, peaceful, not frightened by the death, death situation, and with their clear mind,
he will pass away and take the birth in the period of Amitabha. That Buddha Shakyamuni himself
said in the teaching, teaching. So now to make clear that, what it stated, that stated poor causes,
to every perform these poor cause or conditions, that will take us to rebirth in the period of
Amitabha. And that is, fourth is to remembering of the period of the Amitabha and Amitabha
Buddha himself. That is the fourth. And with that thought, performing lot of
meditory activities, second, meditory activities, that is second. Third is developing the bodhicata
,
or having bodhicata thought in the heart and the mind, and that is third. Fourth is
really lateral aspiration prayer and a dedicated merit to be born in the period of Amitabha.
So those are known as poor causes to take rebirth in the devotee. So therefore, according to the
teaching, if you have that thought, intention, there is nothing big concentration, big meditation,
meditation you needed, because merely thinking of the Amitabha and doing good activities with good
heart and spraying that may myself and all the beings to take the rebirth in the period of Amitabha
.
Wishing that alone will take the rebirth in the period of Amitabha. So that is really what is
poor causes. Now we go a little bit to detail and highlight. I'm sure you have this page,
I believe you all have this. This is called "Press to the Amitabha with Mantra". I'm sure you have
that.
I will highlight this. So these poor causes, what we discussed here, poor causes that. For here,
for example, blessed one, thus gone, subduous and immediate, perfectly fully enlightened,
protector Amitabha, Amitabha, that is what? Remember Amitabha and this is among the poor causes,
this is, under here, is first cause. Remember Amitabha. So that means, and we go details on this,
I'm going to go more details on this, but that is the first cause, remembering of the Amitabha.
That is, second is what the cause, performing a lot of meritor activities, merit activities,
meritor activities. Again, of course, this is, many of you should know that. I think you all know,
you're, I'm sure, you're practicing, practicing, starting learning that. But there's two merits,
accumulation merit, what's the merit? It's both merits, a lot of merit is performing.
And this case here, what is? And merit is here in the English. To you, I pay homage,
make offerings, go for refuge. That is meritor activities. That is taking merit cause,
cause to take the merit. That is meritor activities, meritories. And that is, again,
we go over of this. Of course, you all know that, but I will go over those, those meanings too. But
that is third, first and the second. Third is, is, then with the bodhijattas. That means that,
hold this prayer, start with bodhijatta. You have good heart and good intention toward thinking of
all the living beings we are doing prayer. So therefore it is, even though it's not so clearly
highlight of the bodhijatta, part means that here, please bless me, bless, bless me this time,
me and all the living beings. Please bless me and all the living beings. That is bodhijatta.
Bodhijatta means so that is the third cause. Then bless me and take the rebirth, and
take rebirth or bless me and take the rebirth, rebirth myself, all the living beings in the
pure land of the Devotee, Amitabh, pure land. That is the fourth cause and having a lot of
aspiration prayers, aspiration prayers and dedications. So that is, this one is explaining
of the four causes, causes and that is how this is. So that is the first one. And now this one,
again, we go with this. Now how we think of this first is, first is we're thinking of the pure land
Amitabh and pure land Amitabh with reflecting right in front of us. That many of you already know
Buddha Amitabh. Buddha Amitabh is the same as the Bodhijaktamuni with one face, two arms,
and two legs, legs, and sitting with the lotus posture or the radial posture that you all know.
But what is here is the color is different, right? Red colors. And Buddha Amitabh is sitting with
the
economic mudras, economic mudras like this. Mudras, and in the teachings said Buddha Amitabh,
which direction is Buddha Amitabh? According to the teaching is in the western direction.
Western direction, how far? In Buddhism, again, the Bodhijaktamuni give so many teachings
that there is so many universes. Our world is of course we are like one universe or whatever this
world, but this is not just the only one. There is so many countless, in the teachings said
countless,
we can't put numbers. There is so many countless universes, every direction. That means the east,
west, and south, north, every direction. There are so many universes. So, brilliant Amitabh,
where is Amitabh now? It's the western direction of our world, in the western direction. How far?
And again in the Buddha's teaching said the countless universes, far beyond countless universes,
universe, countless universes. And that pure land, beyond there, there is a universe known as
pure land Amitabh or in Sanskrit, that pure land is there. This is right now
that pure land there. And Buddha Amitabh, that means right now, Buddha Amitabh is a living Buddha.
Right now there. And how that is, according to teaching, teaching this pure land of Amitabh
is a slightly higher than attitude or slightly higher than our this universe or our this world
where we are, let it higher. And there is pure land Amitabh. Now I'm using pure land Amitabh,
but in Sanskrit and in English I think translated land of bliss, blissful, land of peace and
harmonious. Land of peace and harmonious. Why this land of peaceful harmony? Because there is no
suffering, the difficulty, even the names existing in that pure land. Every day it's just pure,
no suffering, no sad, no difficulty, no getting old, no sicknesses, no troubles, no corolling,
fighting, arguing, clashing, and worries, sad, and all that really no, no emotions are activating,
such as anger, jealous, hated thoughts, and hesitation, doubt, skeptical. All those are
completely reduced. Don't. There's no active. Everything is gone. So what is there? Therefore
then peace, harmony, respect, appreciation. Everything is so beautiful, comfortable.
Whatever you desire, that comes right there. Those desires are not mixed with the emotions,
desires of the happy, peace, compassion, loving kindness, respect and appreciation, kindness.
And it's just so perfect and beautiful, so comfortable, and really comfortable. There is
no like kind of summer and winter, these hard things. Everything is just completely perfect
seasons. And the teaching said if you want to be cool, immediately coolness comes. If you want to
be
warm, immediately warmness comes. And when you are kind of, we like to be surrounded by so many
flowers. There's so many flowers, beautiful flowers. And those flowers are so many beautiful colors
,
and so many beautiful bees, and birds, and trees, and vegetation, the fruit, and everything. And
that
fragrance and peace is just really so perfect. And there is so, really what gracious teacher
Buddha said, really there is no name of suffering exist at all. For that reason, land of Sukhavati,
is everything is calm and peaceful happiness. Why that happened? Because aspiration and
commitment and the fulfillment of the Buddha Amitabha when he was bodhisattvas. As he said
earlier, the last time, Buddha Amitabha was born, once upon a time, as a great courageous,
kindness, compassion, smart bodhijata, or thinking of all being bodhisattvas. Then he accumulated
merit in which he met so many aspirations one after another. So then when he fulfilled all the
aspirations, he was born as being Buddha Amitabha, and land become the Sukhavatis. So it's all
these
aspirations. Buddha Amitabha said, "Who ever hear his names with good thought, may that
individually
take the birth in my land or my pure land. May never, whoever born in this my pure land,
they never return back to samsara. And from that on, they are the path to the enlightenment,
to the higher realization, one after another." Really he met all those aspiration prayers,
and aspiration prayers, and he met, accumulated merit, and he fulfilled that goal. Then he
become the Buddha. So then therefore, land of pure land is, Amitabha is so pure, so perfectly
beautiful. Because his commitment, his aspirations, even we just merely think of him and reaching
to
be born that pure land, then we are making connections in the teachings, connections,
and we will go there surely, that we will take the birth. Because as I said early in Buddhism,
life is not ended when we die. It's just changing. We're changing the chapter, changing the
sections of the page, but we continue. Our life of the page, lives of the page,
continue to turn one after another. Book is not ended there. It continues. And this time,
we turn our page to the pure land Amitabha, along with all our other practices.
Wishing that will become the cause to birth, to take the rebirth in pure land with devotees.
If somehow every practice is so diligently beautiful, perfectly in this life, a rich
enlightenment within this lifetime, then that's perfect. Excellent. But still so many great
masters really take the birth in pure land with devotees. For example, that among the great master,
master, great philosopher, great like physics or counter physics and philosophy in Buddhism,
Nagarjuna also really won't take the birth in the pure land Amitabha. He make and he last wrote,
one of the last wrote, he said, now I will go. That means Nagarjuna, he said, now I will go to
the pure land Amitabha. He said himself, so he that and so many other great masters. So all that
is really the pure land. So now merely thinking of this pure land and with the Buddha Amitabha,
how we should think the Buddha Amitabha in a teaching said, Buddha Amitabha is sitting
on the 1,000 petal lotus and the moon dusk, that is supported, that throne, that throne
is supported by at peacocks, at peacocks. So that means two peacocks in each direction. So that lot
us
is supported by the four directions, four directions, each direction there is two peacocks.
Two peacocks on the front, two peacocks on the right side, two peacocks on the back side,
two peacocks, peacocks on the left side, and that peacock supported by this lotus. Above that lotus
and then there's moon, moon, moon dusk or moon cushion. And above that, Buddha Amitabha is sitting
with the Vidyar vosyas, you all know, and facing to us, facing to you, whoever is facing to you,
Buddha Amitabha is like so beautiful, glorious, and kind, calm, kind, compassion, loving kindness,
and radiating light of love and compassion to us, to all the living beings, and looking to us with
his eye of compassion, love to us, us really looking to them. And that is, and it is like 32
major marks, 80 minor marks, those old Buddha's manner, that's, it's a voice, it's beautiful,
love, compassion, kindness, soothing, calming. The moment we hear the voice, it is just like
radiating teachings of the truth, and that's saying to our heart and mind is that. And heart is
completely filled with love and compassion for all sentient beings without any, any discriminations
or
the partialities, that, that is Buddha Amitabha as a glowing light, rainbow light of the red colors
,
like red color as like ruby, ruby, but with glowing light with that, that. And his right side is
genetics, Avalokiteshara, Compassion Buddha, Bodhisattva, Compassion, and white color,
standing, standing in his right side. And his left side is the Bajarpanim, Tujinto in the teaching
said, Tujinto, powerful ones, powerful one, in the color is blue. So Amitabha is red,
and Gilezi is white, and Tujinto or the Bajarpani is blue. Both are standing on the lotus.
And both are in the right hand is mother of the protections, protection and leaning,
these palms like held up like this, toward this, his right side, their, their right sides,
and the left hand Avalokiteshara, here is a hold, the lotus, and that opens around, around the
white lotus, opens the blooms or opens his level of the ears, left ears. And the Bajarpani, also
right hand is a protection mother, same gesture as Gilezi, and the left hand holding the blue lotus
,
that which opens around the level of his left ears. All those are known as the three principle
object of the pure land of Amitabha, and looking to eye, all of us with the eye of love,
comparison of us. And the Buddha Amitabha is this light leaning, or behind the Buddha Amitabha
is the Bodhi trees. Bodhi tree, which is so beautiful, perfectly shimmering, lightening.
And the Buddha Shakyamuni's and the teaching said, when this Bodhi tree, when you see,
it will dispel all the sickness of the eyes. Have you heard this bird? So many days birds,
and trees are like, what's called the leaves, leaves are moving by the wind. It really makes
beautiful charming, charming, or it is songs. If you heard that song, that sickness and the
troubles of the ear is completely gone. And when you hear, smell the fragrance of the Bodhi tree,
then the Buddha Amitabha is leaning. Smell that, that will dispel all the troubles of the noses,
noses. And when you, when you have the taste, this Bodhi tree has so many fruits and all
delicious, frag, beautiful fruit. If you taste that fruit, it will dispel the troubles of the
tongues and the voices. And if you have the feeling of the Bodhi tree and the touch,
that it really well dispels the sickness of the physicals. If you think of this Bodhi tree,
of all that call it, you bring calm and peace in the mind and hearts. So that is the call of the
Bodhi trees. And Bodha Amitabha is leaning under, leaning with that Bodhi trees. With all those of
this life, trees are glowing with the light and all the humerus. And the Bodha Amitabha is
surrounded by the, with so many Bodhi sattvas, Bodhi sattvas, the disciples, those are all in
the form of the Arhathas and the great sage. There's so many beautifuls. This, so that is
really Bodhi Amitabha. The Bodhi Amitabha is so powerful, so glowing light. The glowing light
cannot be measured by anyone. And therefore it is known as Amitabha. In Sanskrit, Amitabha,
in English, I think translated, "Buddha of limitless light." Limit light. It has no
measurement of glowing light. So powerful light. Light of love in a comparison of Muslims.
The lifespan of the Bodhi Amitabha also has no measurement. It's forever in a way. And for that
reason, known as Bodhi Amitabha's name, Amitayu, Bodhi Amitayu. So the Bodhi Amitayu or Amitabha
is the same Bodhi. And therefore also the glowing state, glowing, the glories of the Bodhi Amitabha
has no measurement. Those are all world of the Bodhi Shaktamuni when he gives his speech in the
Water Spring Mountains. Has no measurements. Therefore is known as in the Tibet, as the
Deep Army. There's no measurement of the glories. It's just so, so glowing, so majestic, so
glorious
that. So this is like, and then also the Pure Land is so, cannot be explained. Bodhi Shaktamuni
said
in the teaching, "Ananda, I cannot explain the whole quality and beauties of the Amitabha.
Even I explain the whole, this eons still is not completed. Even he explained about the quality of
the Pure Land Amitabha for one eon, but still is not all completed." That's what Buddha said.
It's so massive. Therefore it is just like Pure Land, of the infinite qualities. That water in
the teaching said, hundreds of millions, I think in it is counted, Buddha counted,
so hundreds, hundreds billions of the Pure Land qualities that I'm translating that you can check
carefully in those. So many Amitabha prayers are so, so popular in the, particularly in the Tibet
Buddhism or in Mahayana Buddhism. And also, particularly there's a very famous master,
the Amitabha practitioners in the Yogi and scholars known as Raga Aksi, Karakarma Chami.
His prayer of the Pure Land of Devach is so popular, both in the Inuma schools,
the Tibetan Buddhism, as well as Kaju, Kaju in the Inuma schools. Really so popular. And there,
he said so beautifully, perfectly that, said that so, so if I translate roughly those numbers of
the
Pure Land, he counted that maybe at billions, at billions and so forth of the Pure Land,
call it, in their luxuries, are all combined together as one single Pure Land and that which
is Pure Land or Amitabha. The old beauties, all the majesties, all the comfort, all the beauty,
all piled up one single to the Pure Land, that is Pure Land or Amitabha. So that is so beautiful.
So that is what we're going to reflect the Pure Land there. That is, in a way, somehow every day
reach enlightenment within this life through our other practices such as Zuktin meditation and all
that, but all those practices, meditation, zukin, Mahamudra, Mademaka, two practices and
poor practice, transferring, conquering practice, all that combine together and that lead, push,
this mediturity activity, that will push us to take the birth of Devachins. Along with our
this prayer, what we symbol the Buddha taught, these poor causes, suppose thinking of the Pure Land
and thinking of the Pure, Buddha Amitabha is the first cause to take the rebirth in the Devachins.
And that is really, I'm talking, and now then, of course, we go over more kind of this next time.
But the second is, now accommodate the merits. Accumulating a lot of merits and
dedicating that merit to be born in the Pure Land and Devachins, ourself and all the beings.
Wishing that. Accumulating merit. What is merit? Merit is the activity of your good heart.
What is a good heart? Loving kindness, compassion,
and joy and apprehension and respect to the others. With that attitude, with that thought,
whatever deed you're doing, by physically and by verbally, by mentally, that is good deed.
That is mediturity. Mediturity is not something kind of like mystery or something different kind
of dogma. It's the activity of our good heart. Simple to tell, good heart. And when in samsara,
in the world, when people say, "Oh, he or she has good heart," what that means, actually,
because that person must have love, kindness, more honesty, more truth. Do nice things for the
others.
Then people called good heart. They had the same thing here, but a little more larger levels here.
That good heart for all the beings, thinking of everyone, really. Not just only the village,
our family members, only the people we met, but even we didn't see things. But we think everyone,
because every single living being is struggling with the troubles. And every single living being
has the same intention, to be happy, to be peace, to be fulfilled, something performance,
yet not completing, fulfilling, struggling. Great Master Shanti Deva said,
"People may be thinking they're trying to do the good things, yet maybe they're croaking their
own happiness by their own mistakes, their own misdeeds, because due to the unknowing,
and we don't see. Thinking of something I'm doing good for me, or to my family,
but reality, maybe it's turning opposite direction." That happened many times. So really,
everyone has wisdom. Everyone has joy, peace, happiness. Everyone has good common senses,
sensibles, respect, and appreciation. Don't, from the ground, build up good thought,
and really weaken with that. Those are all known as good activities, medical activities,
and then larger activities, medical activities, such as six-part-of-mata practices. Six-part-of-m
ata
practice. And then in the teaching, said also such as... So those are all active medical activities
,
and that... So now what we discussed today, really I discussed today about among the four causes
of the first one, what gracious teacher Buddha said, "Honored whoever thinking of the Buddha
and Amitabha again and again in the pure land." That was one of the causes among the four causes.
So what I discussed today, really about the pure land of Amitabha and Amitabha, and with
the Jainese or the Avalokiteshora, and as well as the Japani and then pure land. So that is my
brief talk for today, and thank you very much. And tomorrow, again, we will continue the talk.
The second cause, we start again then, and then I like to go over this prayer that what you got.
And also this has poor those causes, poor causes. Each of those really has that. So the first one
is
shorter and shorter and with this prayer, you join the Amitabha Mantra on Amitavari. If you have
time
and then joined the second one, and also you do the Amitabha as a mantra that if you have time,
then do this next one, do the again this prayer. Again, each of those all are to take the rebirth
in pure land. It has all those poor causes, and I will go over that and kind of highlight each of
those, according to my capabilities to you. And thank you very much again for participating, and
we do continue now. We do just one moment meditate a short time, or the one moment we
stay silent, and we do the short dedication prayers. And then after that, we're going to do
again, our concluding evening practices of the of the Pema Samyal we used to do here. So we
like to conclude, and with that we will do some prayers, of course, divide many
individuals. At that time, I will read and we'll do prayers. So that's what our sessions are for.
So now we do short meditation, or one moment meditation, and then dedicate the short dedication.
So, I will start with the first one.
[Silence]
By this merit, may all attending the omniscient meet, join from the stormy...
[Cough]
From the oil of the samsara, may I betray all beings.
[Silence]